Hey,
what's going on?
Is Bill Burn?
It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday.
Monday morning podcast there.
Huh?
Just checking in on Ya.
How are Ya?
Hang in with my wife on a rainy day and fucking nae.
What's up?
Hi,
how are Ya?
Nia?
There was a reason I brought you on this podcast.
And what is that reason?
Well,
Nia,
as you know,
I am a blowhard.
Yes.
I talk and talk and talk and talk to the point.
Okay.
That I fall asleep.
There you go.
I was waiting.
Yeah.
Um,
so I actually ran to a question the other day.
Believe it or not,
I'm walking on it.
Believe it or not.
Right?
Let's fix it.
Ah,
walking on air.
Salmaan sended me a fucking queer has John.
I couldn't answer it.
It blew my mind because even if I don't know the answer,
I still fucking talk to these people.
There you go.
That's a great song.
Let me get that piece of,
get the piece of fuzz off your mic.
That chairs are not as comfortable as they look.
Well,
they're made for men.
That's why these are men.
Chairs.
I need an Ottoman.
These are anti Bj.
Okay.
All right.
But you have,
how come there's not a second Ottoman for this chair?
Because this is,
this is a loaners.
You keep calling this a man cave.
It's not a man cave.
I don't call it a man.
Came to call it a man cave.
It's my office.
I don't ever call it a man cave and never call it that.
Wow.
Just like that on the podcast.
You're going to lie.
I've never said I always go,
you can go to your office.
That's what I want.
I'm banishing it from the what?
Nia.
I didn't think that I called it a man cave.
Oh,
now you're backing down from it.
Yeah.
I believe he called this gas lighting.
You're making me seem like I'm crazy.
Maybe I'm crazy.
Anyway,
so this person had a question and it's a very delicate subject.
Near,
yeah.
Alright.
Delicate.
Like my feelings.
You know,
people's,
not much as I go on stage night after night and I try to act like I'm this tough
person.
If you really took the time to know me,
you'd know that it was foolish.
That's true.
Oh,
I'm just talk so much shit.
See,
this is the problem.
This is why people,
boy,
it's like people really think it's interesting to me how well your fans think
they know you because you have this persona onstage and you're the angry guy and
that's certainly true.
Blue Limit Tell Ya.
But you're also just so full of shit.
Like you just talk so much.
Like you're all talk,
you just talk and talk and talk what you're just full of shit because you are
such a sensitive like giving like you know it's good shit.
Yeah.
But it's annoying because it's like you're walking around like,
hey,
Yay,
Yay.
You know,
like choking
the fucking microphone stand like you do.
Like it's weird.
I'd take the good with the bed.
People are like,
Oh God,
you guys went to Paris.
I met bill hated that.
And it's like,
no,
it's actually like his favorite city.
Oh Wow.
You guys went to the beach and Oh,
I bet bill hated that.
No,
we actually had a good time.
Like it's just so weird.
There's like this disconnect with Pete the fan again.
Oh,
I bet he I the middle later that that's what it is.
It's always like,
Oh God,
I bet bill hated that.
And also it's like anytime,
any kind of picture on Instagram,
all of your fans,
God love Ya.
But all of your fans are like,
Ooh,
I bet bill.
You know,
they just will find something to bring you into it.
It'd be like a post on my feed like,
oh Billy,
he likes to know shoes or whatever the fuck it is.
It's like,
it's crazy.
What's wrong with ted?
I mean nothing,
but it's just annoying.
Wow.
All that yelling.
That's all you had.
I know.
I really,
I really know.
I was like,
she ran out of steam lunch.
You know it's rainy day.
I really want to go take a nap right now.
You dragged me up here.
It didn't suck.
I know.
It's not bad.
Everything in there good at just never ordered the good stuff.
Yeah,
I tired.
I decided to take a risk and it didn't quite pay off,
but it was still nice to have lunch with you.
I know.
And then we,
because we eating too much food.
I know.
No must know about that.
We were eating the food and we realized we ordered too much,
so we canceled one of the pizzas and he'd go,
which pizza do you want to cancel?
Yeah,
we should have canceled my pizza.
Yeah.
And I didn't want to fucking offend you getting all fucking pizza.
Me Today.
If I say abusing my white male privilege by saying,
let's just get the simple sausage one.
Yeah.
You had to go with the fucking Wiener Schnitzel,
whatever the hell you got.
Yeah.
It didn't quite pay off.
It was still good,
but it just wasn't satisfying,
I think is the word you're looking for.
Are you impressed how I've been getting up early and going to the gym?
Not really.
I mean,
you're still on European time,
so it's not actually not that a professor.
Oh,
we'll be right back with searching for a compliment.
I am I impressed with you for being like still jet lagged?
No,
that's fine.
Present.
Maybe.
You know why?
It has nothing to do with me being jetlagged because you snore like a fucking
offensive lineman.
Here we go on the snoring thing.
I gotta tell you.
So you go through these periods,
you have such a cute little nose.
How does it let noise noise come out of there?
Because I'm sleeping hard and I'm sleeping right.
That's this thing that you're doing now where every fucking five minutes you're
shaking me in the bed like that doesn't do anything.
You up and you stop for a second is what she,
she starts fucking storm
you on this shit.
So what I do is I'm laying on my side away from her and what I do is I just
started shaking the bed.
I don't got it solved and it wakes her up and she'd go,
oh no,
the second you close your eyes.
Okay.
Yeah.
It doesn't stop me from snoring.
So I like what is the point of view and it's really starting to Piss me off.
I told you I will fucking,
I'll sleep somewhere else.
Okay.
All right.
But I've done that before and then after two nights you're like,
Yo Yo Yo won't coach you start doing the cute boys.
Well what's the,
what are we supposed to do?
I snore.
You wake up.
We don't want to sleep apart from each other.
Yeah.
So what's the solution?
I'm ugly enough so I need as much beauty sleep I can get.
Don't say that,
but yeah,
no,
I guess I could get one of those breathe right strips or something like,
I don't know,
breathing wrong baby,
cause I never used to snore light that before the baby.
So I don't know.
I just think you're extra tired.
I'm sue snored the way I imagined.
I snore after I drink like a third of bottle of fucking booze.
You were snoring earlier in the night when you first fell asleep last night
because I took that Mel at times and to taking that to get myself back on and
it's fucking work.
Great.
Okay.
So I mean,
I dunno,
I don't know what to tell you.
Hey,
I still love you,
right?
No,
I know.
I won't be passed out laying next to you anymore.
Just stop shaking the bed.
It's like why?
What is the cause it works.
It works.
A lot of times you roll over and you know you stopped like 20 minutes but now,
now you just like relentless.
She liked the fucking terminator was sleeping.
Tell me think I blew you up or some shit.
You just fucking come back together again.
You start snoring.
All right,
well I'm sorry
so I might,
oh my God.
Okay.
Why am I here?
What'd you call me in here for?
What is,
I don't know.
Cause you know what?
I made a new year's resolution that I wasn't going to argue with you as much.
Yeah,
you made a new year's resolution that you're not going to argue with me as much
and it's been working.
So I need you to explain this.
What does that mean?
I'm just going to agree with you.
Is that what you think that I want?
Yes.
No winning.
It's not winning.
Like arguing with you hasn't worked.
I'll just agree with you.
All right.
I'm not trying to like cut off like the balls of your opinion.
I just need you to not be an asshole.
Come on that.
I don't know how to do that.
Oh really?
Come on.
I'm an asshole.
He married in asshole.
But that's kind of not fair on your side.
But you're married an asshole and now you want me to not be an asshole.
I didn't realize you were that big than that.
Why?
I knew you were.
I knew you weren't sure what it is.
I thought you were like a bad boy and then the bad boy turns and select a bad
and then no,
but you're not a bad boy.
You're just like,
you're just grumpy.
And I before I was like,
oh you're edgy.
Like he's edgy.
Like it doesn't take any shit man.
Cause you were a casting director.
You put me in this box,
man.
Yeah.
He can play 28 to 35 he's edging.
You weren't even looking at me like a person.
No,
that's not true.
I thought you were amazing and you're really cool.
But I just feel like as you've gotten older you've just become like so cranky.
Somebody was like,
oh,
Bill Burroughs is going to make the best like cranky old man.
It's going to be hilarious.
And it's like,
yeah,
I have to live with that.
It's gotta be so hard.
It is.
You're so brave.
Me Brave.
What am I going to call my memoir?
Surviving Bill Burke.
Yeah,
that's it.
Surviving Belper becoming.
No,
it's just like I said,
it's annoying cause you're actually a very sweet person,
but everybody sees this,
this angry jackass.
No.
Then that's what the people want.
They don't.
Yes,
they do like me.
Believe it or not,
India,
there's people beyond the walls of this fucking relationship that actually liked
me.
Granted,
they don't have to live with me.
I know I'm difficult to live with.
I'm literally telling you I'm going to try to just fucking agree.
Whatever harebrained fucking idea you have,
that's going to take up the whole fucking day.
Every you want to go after the cocoa Moko woke us fucking thing all the way up
to five.
It's just off football going on.
I'll tape it.
You did not take my games while I was away.
I thought I'd take the tape all your car Dashun horse shit.
Whenever you're asking me to take Sebastian,
did you take Sebastian on the fucking news story?
You miss that toe?
I forgot cause I'll get caught up with the baby and shit and I forget.
But I really thought that I taped all your games while you were gone because I
sat there when I searched one,
the other two came up so I was like,
oh great record record record.
Sebastian was on like the fucking NBC nightly news and he was walking around the
comedy store talking about the history of place online.
Bill.
We can find it online,
but yes,
I did forget to Dvr it so I apologize for that.
You're right.
Hey,
you're right.
We'll,
we'll search for it online.
Wait for somebody to put it online.
Do we need to go to a couple of things?
Can we just work it all out in the podcast?
I'd love to go to couple's therapy.
Would you?
Why?
Because I feel like if there was another person there going,
hey,
you know,
maybe bill has a point.
I could win one once,
once.
Just one.
Just wants,
if fact could find a way for you to admit that baby.
I know what can be a fucking Douche.
You went in a lot of them is the thing you just don't realize that you do.
Yeah.
So that's,
that's probably the biggest mind fuck you've ever given me.
You win a lot of them.
You just don't realize you do.
So you're so good that even when I'm winning I feel like I lose.
That's what you're telling me.
Wow.
I am amazing.
It's,
that is an amazing skill.
I don't know if I'd be proud of it.
Fair enough.
You take in my lines.
I love it.
Fair enough.
Well,
you know what,
Nia,
we went out to lunch today.
We,
we uh,
we did some other things that I'm not allowed to talk about yet because the,
you know,
I have to wait till the official announcement comes about.
I'll give you an idea.
There's something that's going on with me and it rhymes with Ranzit running.
Okay.
I and I fully support you fully support and we're going to try and make this
relationship work.
Cause I ran Zishan from a fucking Douche.
What if I loved you so much?
I transition to a woman that enjoyed the Kardashians.
That's not what I want my life.
Gower's Clyde Dad,
I think so sad.
It's so weird.
You know I watch that show but I,
I hate them.
It's like,
so it's such a weird thing.
I am.
I hate watching it.
Do you think?
I don't know.
I don't,
I don't believe in hate watching.
I think that's so juvenile and like ridiculous.
That's probably some sort of like this.
Probably at some point you'll be able to get in trouble with that on social
media.
I'm sure Renee Hill accused of a hate watching.
I don't recall hate watching,
but if I did hate watch,
I'd like apologize to the producers of those shows.
I'm on my phone and I'm just kind of like in and out.
Like,
I don't even really know what's going on,
but it's just there and they're talking at me and I know I don't,
I don't have a good explanation for it,
but it is what it is.
Nowhere near.
If you enjoy that show,
God damn it.
You Watch it.
Okay.
And I'll try other terrible reality shows.
So what's your top three terrible reality shows?
Uh,
currently it's Vanderpump rules.
Ah,
real housewives.
I don't mind Vanderpump rules,
you know?
Yeah.
You like those goods and I don't know,
just something like,
uh,
I don't get what's,
I don't understand how you get a job at a restaurant and your manager becomes
your life coach.
This just something hilarious about that to me.
Yeah.
She's like the mother figure,
but it's just like a young,
as I can tell,
she married,
she's been married for like the longest side kids of her own.
She owns these businesses and then she employs these like young and beautiful
fame whores and uh,
deals a lot of their drama.
So the skinny dude who cried,
sorry James,
you're firing me.
Wait a minute.
I love that she stuck to her guns.
She did your kids amiss.
That kid's a mess.
He deserves to be fired.
Well,
he doesn't need to get the life together.
You firing me?
Yes.
I don't know if that happened.
It just seemed like it was the longest I've ever seen somebody.
He had no argument.
He just kept,
I don't know.
That's what it felt like he was saying.
So they let that guy go.
He's fired off to show for what?
Not off the show.
He's still on the show.
He's just,
because he gets really drunk and he says really nasty things.
So the people that work there,
namely the girls and he's always like,
you all fat,
whore,
fucking hustle.
Oh it's fucking great.
I love that guy.
Don't fire him.
And then the other guy,
Jack's right,
I was hoping he's going to get the job of the hockey club.
Yeah,
right.
Here's the whole thing was all that he was going to tweet.
He's going to do social media for like a minor league,
Florida based a hockey team.
So what kind of bullshit job is that?
How?
What kind of job is that to tweet for them and what way?
Got a game coming up.
That's really
good.
Instagram account.
Yeah.
You're generating excitement.
If this fights in this good hits and it seems like a good game and people want
to come out to buy tickets and spend money.
Yay.
That's what you do.
Well Christ near you can follow restaurants on Instagram.
I just started following this amazing cheese board account and you're making fun
of this guy with the hockey team.
Cause somebody running a cheeseboard account.
He got,
it's amazing.
Ain't too proud to mag because their name is meg.
Megan,
those kinds of cheese.
I was like meg.
Oh it's incredible.
Munster cheese.
What are the cheeses?
Begin name a cheese that begins with them.
Monster.
Okay,
now you're the second person on the family feud.
You got to come up.
Another one.
What do you go?
Mild Cheddar.
Cheddar Bay.
Why is that a bad cause?
The cheese.
It's got to be mild Cheddar.
No,
that's a kind of Cheddar.
Cheddar is,
see,
I dunno,
you got some else?
Um,
Monterey.
Jack,
Monterrey.
too many family members.
You can go to.
All right.
We asked the name of cheese.
The begins with amp.
We got Manchego man,
Chang.
Show me.
That's
fucking unbelievable.
I love cheese.
All right.
This is fucking amazing.
Family number four.
Okay,
we're talking cheese begins with an m with a lovely necklace.
Yeah,
there Richard.
Richard,
does it give me a kiss?
All right.
We need a cheese that begins with him or the Sullivan family as a chance to
steal.
What do you got?
Um,
got one strike with a mild cheese.
I honestly don't know any other cheeses that begin with m.
Oh,
come on.
Give me a guess.
In three,
two,
one Montebello.
I do the Steve Harvey.
I don't know.
I asked you to name of change begins with m and you said Montebello.
I got nothing.
Show me Montebello.
I got none.
Dude.
That's amazing that you could do that monsters all I had.
That's why I married you,
because you know all the cheeses.
That's all right,
but HAPA.
Alright.
What do you want?
Do you want me to read the,
uh,
the advertising and then we'll do the question right?
Oh me,
Andy's,
Andy's cut enough fucking cheese Doo Doo Doo Doo.
Brds Biondi shit down to your knees running down.
You fucking tidy.
Whities it would be better if you had me undies head cradle that shit and no one
would know and you balls or feel nice and soft and a little warm.
Sorry.
Wait,
can I interject real quick?
Sure.
Mandy is sent us some onesies and they are the most comfortable soft things ever
and I'd surely love them and this is not a part of what they asked us to read
but like no,
they just want to say thank you.
Me On.
These were the ones he is and everyone,
I never got my onesy.
You did.
I put it on your side of the bed.
I don't know what happened to him.
Yeah,
what happened to it?
Hmm.
Okay.
Are you going to,
where can we take a picture?
It feels a little weird to be an adult dressing like a six month old baby.
It's so comfortable.
Let's like just a little more,
put it on and we'll take a picture and we'll post it on Instagram and we'll do
Hashtag me undies Hashtag ad Hashtag spon con do you know what spam is?
Nope.
Sponsored content.
Oh,
I'll tell you what.
I'm just gonna read this article ad here.
That's why I'm a good mom and gonna agree with you.
Hey Neil,
that sounds like great idea.
2019 belay bird.
He's got no opinions.
You're here.
Alright.
Valentine's Day is right around the corner.
What are you going to get many?
What's your fucking take me out this year.
Stake in a blow job,
please.
Nini,
rather than spending all that money going out to fancy restaurants,
why not just hang in,
hang in your underwear all night long courtesy of me undies.
They got that little trap door in the [inaudible] so I can bang you from behind.
Talk about why me undies are the best underwear.
Feel free to improvise.
All right,
here we go.
I love fucking my wife in [inaudible].
All right,
I'm a minute man.
I'm done in one minute.
The whole thing.
Just it all works me on z one z minivans get it done before 8:00 PM seven
minutes is fair.
Is that what I am?
Seven minutes was a great number.
I feel like that's fine.
You know what I mean?
It's again,
fine.
I'm not trying to get banged like for hours on end.
It's like,
who has time for you don't do any work.
He just fucking laying there and I'm up there like a fucking jackhammer.
What does,
what does what does nobody be fucking minutes.
I got to do.
Could you do plank for seven minutes because that's what the fuck I have to do.
I got to get up off.
Yeah,
and drop it down.
Yeah.
You're not one of those colors.
You're like,
get away from me.
Come back,
Come back to me like a fucking astronaut.
Spinning around with one a little rubber balls.
They're beyond these uses.
Uses the Covenant Micro Modal Modal Fabric,
which is three times softer than cotton.
Yes.
That's why that one's,
he was so comfortable.
Thank you,
Pam.
The fabric generally feels like actual heaven against your skin.
This person was at a near death experience where God came down and tickle this
little privates.
Oh my God,
I need an underwear that feels like the hand of God welcoming my balls to the
pearly gates only to say your work is not finished,
so this isn't what they meant by feel free.
They said to improvise.
Speaking of prints,
it's a segue this v day,
Oh gee,
this v day season me undies,
we'll be releasing a new print every Tuesday.
Our heart shape like a dick.
How does that work?
That means you and your loved ones can chill it.
Matching prints for v day and play the game of how long can we keep?
These are,
oh my goodness.
Meshing of cubes.
We'll be back after these messages.
No,
no,
no.
I already the Christmas ones.
I love him,
but why stop it undies this year me undies is launching their v day prince in
lounge pants in onesies as well.
Both are made from the same micro modal modal fabrics as their undies.
Me undies has a great offer for my listeners.
For any first time purchasers.
When you order me undies,
you get 15% off and free shipping.
This is a no brainer.
Get 15% off a pair of the most comfortable undies you will ever put on to get
your 50 15% off your first pair,
free shipping and 100% satisfaction guarantee.
Go to [inaudible] dot com slash [inaudible] that's [inaudible] dot com slash
burr by the way,
and yet you're not exactly a you.
You Kinda,
you know,
you get what you need to be pretty quick too.
Yeah,
you were definitely in touch with your body.
Bingo.
There you go.
Beat it other side of the bed.
I'm going to sleep basically put it on my Bose headset and she lists a little
screaming whores.
That's why you can't have kids,
bitch.
Uh,
why you can't keep a man mother fucker dollar Shave Club.
That's why your dad never calls you bitch.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need in the street.
Bitch.
Um,
what happened?
What happened?
Dollar Shave Club.
What is that?
That's that chick on the fucking subway.
Just kept going.
What happened?
What happened then?
He fucking the guy with the eight ball jacket and he fucking watch on as a
different one.
The what happened,
one was another one
plumbing here.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to look,
feel and smell your best and you never have to go to the store.
Uh,
that's because they delivered everything right to you,
right to your front door.
And they keep you fully stocked on what you use so you don't run out.
Here's how it works.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to get ready.
No matter what you're getting ready for.
They have you covered head to toe for your hair,
your skin,
your face,
you name it.
They gathered and they have this new program where they automatically keep you
stocked up on products you use.
You determine what you want and when you want it.
And it shows right up at your front door or back door,
whatever you want.
All right?
Throw it right through the window.
If you went from once a month to once every six months plus with their handsome
discount,
the more you buy,
the more you save.
And Right now,
dollar shave club has a bunch of their status sets.
Uh,
you can try for just $5 like their oral care kit.
After that,
the restock box ships regular sized products at a regular price gets your status
set for just $5.
Dude,
right now@dollarshaveclub.com slash burr that's jolly shave club.com/burr.
All right,
last one.
Quit.
Q.
U.
I p starting a healthy routine and sticking to it are two very different things.
Inevitably,
we all skimp on that full night of sleep.
Skip a workout or to or brush our teeth with a tired old toothbrush.
We're not perfect,
but we can do better and quip is a better electric toothbrush that can help.
Oh,
they're only solving that.
I thought they were going to help all the other shit.
I'm going to sleep well and work out and brush my teeth.
Sorry Bill.
We're just going to fix brushing your teeth sensitive sonic vibrations for an
effective clean that's gentle on your sensitive gumps.
Geez,
what a women going to use this for.
Brush heads are automatically delivered on a dentist recommended schedule.
Which dentist do I know this guy can I see as credentials every three months for
just $5 a friendly reminder when it's time for a refresh and to stay committed
to your own or oral health.
75% of US use old worn out bristles that are ineffective.
Quip is one of the most is one of the first electric toothbrushes accompanied by
the accepted,
sorry,
by the American Dental Association.
They are backed by over 25,000 dental professionals.
You thought being a comedian was fucking competitive this 25,000 there's 25
dental professionals out there who just agree with this.
They get all the ones that disagreed.
I mean,
you know I'm surprising out there shooting each other like drug dealers and they
have thousands shoot each other with Nova cave.
No sorry.
And they have thousands of verified verified five star reviews over 1 million.
Happy,
healthy mouths due to quip starts at just 25 bucks.
And if you go to get quick Ge Tq,
ip.com/burr right now,
you can get your first refill pack for free.
That's your first refill pack for free at GE,
t Q u I p.com/birth.
There it is.
All right.
And lastly,
but not leastly.
I love when you do the podcast and you,
you know,
that was great.
You're funny.
You kill it.
Oh,
it's girlfriend won't lose weight.
Dear Billy,
Nutso fat,
this is from the other day.
Okay.
It's a very delicate situation.
Uh,
yes,
I'm here.
Okay.
My girlfriend and I have been dating for three years going on four and I'm
starting to have different feelings towards her because of her eating habits and
the way she takes care of herself.
Since I met her several years ago,
she had co she kind of had a weight thing that was noticeable but didn't think
anything of it because I thought she would get on some sort of kick of wanting
to lose some weight in the years to come.
Uh,
well it's been three and a half years and oh,
you're already making a face over there.
Well it's been three and a half years and there's no stopping her from losing
weight,
losing weight.
She's 25 and I'm 30 and I don't know what to do.
She loves to see me gaining weight.
She loves the sweets and is not a fan of running because it hurts her feet.
Help Bill.
I love her,
but I don't want to spend my early thirties miserable in a relationship with
someone who doesn't want to take care of herself.
Thanks and go fuck yourself.
Now what does he say to her?
First of all,
motherfucker,
you fell in love with her when she was a little thick and you were just like,
oh,
so lose weight,
but you still fell far and now you're mad that the bitch has gained weight.
It's like she obviously likes to eat.
You knew that from jump.
So why are you getting extra street on this one motherfucker from the jump ship?
Okay,
so,
so what's the problem?
She won't she,
she just keeps gaining weight.
Bitch be getting fat and all right.
P H a t in it and the club.
Now you're not in it for a second child because it makes her feet.
Yeah.
Johnny is terrible for your knees,
so you know,
not everybody has [inaudible] fuck going to hurt your feet.
Not everybody likes the job.
There's other ways,
but I mean,
I don't know.
Don't you think?
Okay,
I'll play devil's advocate here.
All right.
You can't get what you get with somebody and you were in a particular way.
You got to hover in that zone.
Yeah.
Okay.
You can't get reality show fat on them.
Reality Show.
I'm just saying here.
Let me ask you this then it what point?
Remember how pasty I am?
All right.
Oh,
I remember staring at every day my big,
I just start looking like a fucking snowman and then suddenly my gut,
when you don't want to get it,
can't go out anymore and it starts to drop and it starts hanging over your
fucking junk a little bit.
Well,
you know,
I mean,
you can't tell me.
You're not going to be like going like,
hey [inaudible] Michelin man,
what are you doing wrong person to ask.
Because I've never had a problem with a little extra on a guy.
I've never like thought it was like,
oh,
he's too fat for me or whatever.
Like crazy obese.
Sure.
That's what I'm saying.
But I feel like what?
You're not on the thicker side.
I don't mind a little thickness to a guy.
I think it's got a nice,
he's not saying that.
I think that's where she started and now on the thick side and now she was,
uh,
she was a thickie that maybe it could have taken a couple of blowing off a
couple of laps around the block.
And he still God with heart and he's been with her three years since like,
is she eating by herself?
Nia.
He looked at her the way men,
women look at men a lot of time.
This is a fixer upper and then he bought the house and all of a sudden that's
your problem.
I've are,
I've always,
I've said it before on this podcast and I'll say it again.
You don't fall in love with potential.
It's a trap.
Alright,
nick,
can you help the guy out?
What am I supposed to say?
Well,
he always seemed,
loves her.
How does he go?
Listen,
Tbi,
you know,
and you're fucking lay off the fucking strawberry shortcake here.
Uh,
well maybe,
let's see.
What would I say?
Uh,
lead by example and be like,
you know what?
I want to be healthy.
Like I want to cook healthy.
Like I want to exercise more.
Like what do you think?
Do you want to do it with me?
And that can be like a thing.
No,
that's how you do it.
This way to do it is to say,
I think women are too smart.
They'll see through you saying,
I'm sad if I came up.
You said,
hey,
I've been thinking about eating some wrestle sprouts.
You want,
need some Brussels sprouts with me?
Yeah.
It'd be like,
what the fuck is that supposed to mean?
He's saying,
I'm fat.
You fucking bald red cunt.
That's what it would come out of your mouth.
This guy obviously wants to be with this person,
right?
He's tough.
He said he writes it a little bit funny,
but yeah,
but read that last part again.
I love her,
but like say that again.
Read that last part.
Okay.
I love her,
but I don't want to spend my early thirties miserable in a relationship with
someone who doesn't want to take care of herself.
Yeah.
This is his fucking thing about people being fat fucks now and being proud of
it.
It's like you're killing yourself.
You're gonna die.
You're gonna,
you're gonna,
you're not a doctor.
You can't say that.
You don't know what like how I am not a doctor,
but I can't say that and I just did.
And I can say that because that's like me saying that you smoking cigarettes,
you're going to get lung cancer.
You're not a doctor.
I can't say that.
Well yeah,
no,
of course.
But like sometimes just the way your body looks doesn't determine your level of
health.
Does she not work out at all?
That's what he's saying.
She's sitting there and she's eating and she's getting fatter and fatter.
That's not fair to the other person there.
I know,
but you know what?
Sometimes it's not about the other person.
Sometimes you're going through something,
sometimes you just want to fuck a fucking two years.
Sometimes you don't want to think about dieting and exercising all the time and
being caught in that circle of constantly like,
I need to die.
I need to exercise,
Like I need to learn how to eat well and maybe that's not something that she
feels like doing right now.
I feel like I'm talking about myself because I want to lose weight.
I'm going been trying to lose this baby weight,
but like I just sometimes I just don't want,
this isn't about you.
It's about this person.
Yes,
she sees me.
He,
because I don't feel like necessarily being on that goddamn hamster wheel.
I want to go back to my trainer now that I've recovered from my hernia surgery,
I'm going to get back into it,
but like to think about eating healthy all the time and exercising all the time.
Like sometimes you just don't fucking want to,
are you going to dump me?
Are you going to like
kick me to the curb?
You do.
You realize how fucking insane you are right now.
Like this was literally about another woman and you're fucking yelling at me.
Like I said,
I know I'm trying to help this kid out so he can,
he loves this woman and you know it.
It is.
It's a good thing to lose weight.
It's not good for you.
Every five,
every pound of fat is a hundred miles a capillary.
So we told me that one time.
So any time your heartbeat.
Yes.
Hmm.
I don't remember,
but
somebody told me no,
but the thing is you put that weight on in this,
there's more mass.
Your body has to grow more capillaries.
So cause that party would die.
It needs oxygen.
Oxygenated blood.
I came to say it right.
Oxygenate oxygen.
That's a tough one.
Oxygenated.
Oh God.
We had a kid.
Wow.
Hopefully still be smarter than us.
Okay.
Yeah.
You can't just sell.
It has to grow that.
So then that's an extra like,
you know,
it's like a paper route.
There's an extra five customers every day.
Nobody wants to be overweight.
Okay.
Everybody wants to be in shape.
Everybody wants to look at you.
Can you remove yourself?
I can.
It's close to home.
It's,
it's hitting close to home.
Alright.
Okay.
Fair enough.
All right.
Well you know what buddy?
I tried you.
What would you do?
Okay.
I would buy a Ukulele and I would write a silly song about how she needs to get
in shape.
And I would say that my Dick wrote it so they wouldn't be mad at me
seriously though.
I would tell her that.
Listen,
I never told us before.
Yeah.
Uh,
no,
because when I go down on you now,
I'm starting to get claustrophobic cause I feel like the walls are closing in
from both sides and from above.
And I just,
wow.
I feel like it can't breathe the zero way.
No,
I don't know what I would say.
It's a tough one.
That's a tough one to answer.
So you're beautiful.
I love you.
But if you don't hit the treadmill,
I'm going to buy a human leash and start dragging around the block.
I Dunno.
Do you want to do this yoga class with me after work?
Okay.
Could do couple's
yoga together.
I feel like you have to if you're going to,
we've been to a yoga class together,
but you have to.
I think if you're,
if you're really concerned about though,
seriously you should suggest that you do stuff that's healthy together.
Like let's cook meals together.
Let's go to yoga class.
Think like that's,
I feel like that's the nicest way to do it without making the person feel like
you're singling them out or you know why I think she put herself say,
listen,
I want to get into to really good shape.
I feel like I'm not in the shape I want to be in.
Uh,
and I was,
you know,
when I used to be in better shape before I met you just make that shit up.
Cause I used to go to the gym with a buddy of mine.
She's going to see through all of this.
He got to it.
It's got to be like,
Hey,
you want to make dinner together?
Do you want to go to your other classes
together?
Just nice and easy.
I am like the way you make me healthy smoothies every morning.
Something like that because I appreciate it.
That does healthy smoothies.
Okay,
well you know what,
this,
this is a tough one.
That's one of the hardest ones that,
hey ladies,
any ladies out there,
um,
right in and,
and how can a guy
or how would you tell him?
Yeah,
how can a man tell a woman that he loves,
he wants to stay with her,
but she's putting on fucking weight,
you know,
and it's,
he's,
he's helping her out.
Mia.
I know,
but he didn't fall in love with like her body obviously.
Like he fell in love with something else about her.
You can't say that it's an if you fell in love with the guy and then he puts on
weight and he's his pot smoking.
Fucking guy would like to.
This ways that women can fall out of love with the guy that they fell in love
with because he's letting himself go because he stopped going after it because
he's partying too much.
There's all the same and and putting on weight is in that.
Okay.
Like someone like to fall in love with someone and then a couple of years later
they like literally twice the size that they are.
That's,
that's selfish behavior but no,
but,
but the thing is I don't feel like it's necessarily selfish what else is going
on in their life because maybe there's something that's leading into that extra
eating or stress eating or whatever.
Maybe there's something else going on that can anybody just be a lazy fuck and
they're just eating fucking Sundays.
Why does it always have to be like I get touched funny by my mailman,
so now I use fucking coco crisp to be a good human being and seeing beyond the
superficial and the see what's in someone's heart and mind.
You know what?
That's probably right.
My thing is Iowa,
I bury everything.
So I just get up like a fucking robot.
I mean,
it's working for me,
but I understand.
I Dunno.
I don't know.
I had,
well,
you know what I accomplished,
I accomplished.
How difficult.
This is such a difficult thing to talk about,
you know,
Eh,
uh,
you know.
Hmm.
You know,
bitches be getting fat.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm joking.
All right,
there you go.
Nia.
I think you look beautiful.
I been trying to bang you for like a fucking,
since I came back.
That's true.
Europe,
you know,
I've tried all my smooth lines,
like,
can you do something about this over here?
I bought a little Atta boy over here.
Even grabbing me and restaurants and things like that.
Even manhandling me even coming up behind me in the kitchen and that type of
thing.
Yup.
I'll give it to you then.
Tell me a favor.
Don't put yourself out.
All right.
You know,
find it in your fucking heart.
Why?
According to you,
I don't do anything.
I just,
apparently I just lie there and just take it and don't participate.
I believe you cue shit on me first.
What do you mean you criticize my performance first?
I got defensive and I say that you're a fucking animal in bed.
I never said that you weren't.
All right.
Well there you go.
We'll stop acting like I'm not fucking doing something for you.
You are doing,
you're doing a lot for me.
Don't laugh at me.
Right.
Oh,
Nia.
You know something else.
What?
You're not as complex as you like to act.
Okay.
You don't think I'm running around in there,
but I'm in there.
I'm between those ears.
Oh yeah.
Great comeback.
That's it.
All right.
Jerk face.
Uh,
thanks for hanging out with me.
this happened me.
Oh,
we got to bring up William Stephenson.
a sad thing here.
After all the laughs,
uh,
another great comic and other great friend and just somebody who I must have
done.
I feel like I did a million shows with William Stephenson.
Unfortunately,
he passed away.
Uh,
I believe it was on Monday of this week.
And,
um,
I'm going to miss that guy.
I just,
we used to have so many running jokes cause we always just do late night shows
in New York City.
And I remember that stupid Mcdonald's thing came up,
but up,
up,
I'm loving it.
And we would just come in and every time we would sing something different but
at Blah Blah Blah,
I'm fucking it.
Or just something stupid and it would just always make us laugh.
We would always do it on like the third show when it was like half the fucking
room was full.
And um,
you know what?
I got to find it.
I have a great picture of me and him back when I had hair and Greg Giraldo.
Yeah,
it's probably sad photo.
I guess I'm next time.
That photo Jesus Christ,
he's as well.
It's how it works and yet,
you know,
it's like a forest fire.
Okay.
You burned down a red head and awesome.
Some brunettes growth.
Um,
all right.
So rest in peace.
William,
you're one of the greats and I'm definitely gonna miss you and thank you to the
comedy cellar and all those clubs that I got to work with them in.
Um,
he was just,
he was the best host,
you know,
used to host the shows.
He was the fucking best.
And I never heard him say a bad word about anybody,
so,
and he was a hell of a musician to play the piano.
I didn't know that.
Oh Man.
He got to know him when he was a guest on tough crowd quite a few times he used
to do,
but I didn't know that he played music too.
Oh yeah.
He's,
Jeff Ross used to go on stage with them and he would play this really cool,
perfect accompaniment music when Jeff used to do his poems.
Right,
right.
You know,
and he was just,
it worked great.
And they had so much fun together on stage,
which is,
I gotta be honest,
you,
when I was watching bumping Mike's with,
um,
with Jeff and Dave Attell,
it reminded me of that.
And I gotta tell you there's something about,
I don't know,
there was something about that to comics going on stage,
watching them have fun and you end up seeing,
they see like I've never seen Dave like smile as much as that.
It's,
it's been great to watch.
So anyways,
rest in peace.
Uh,
William Stephenson,
another great comic gone.
Um,
so anyways,
that's,
that's the podcast.
You guys have a great weekend.
Enjoy the music.
There'll be another half hour of a greatest hit Thursday afternoon just before
Friday.
Monday morning podcast to fall was another 30 minutes.
All right,
that's it.
Get the treadmill.
You son of bitches.
Wow.
Ready,
bye
sleep.
Hey,
what's going on?
It's Belper and it's the Monday morning podcast from Monday,
January 17th,
2011 that I'm actually doing Tuesday morning,
Tuesday fucking morning.
And I know why a lot of you think I am.
You probably thought I was grieving for an extra 24 hours because the patriots
lost to the fucking hated green cunt jets.
Um,
actually no,
I was in Atlantic city.
I was in Atlantic City and uh,
you know,
I didn't bring the podcast,
all the fucking equipment back.
I came into New York on fucking Tuesday.
I didn't want to be lugging that shit around and then lug it down there and,
uh,
like an asshole.
I didn't realize I had a six o'clock in the evening flight.
Um,
I'm kind of famous for that.
I never know when my flights leave.
I'm always like,
Yay,
I think I leave around 10:00 AM and then I find out it's 6:00 AM as I'm sitting
at a bar drinking at three in the morning,
and then I go,
oh fuck.
Well,
there's no reason to go to bed now.
Is there,
um,
anyways,
so let's,
uh,
let's get down to brass fucking here.
Uh,
this is going to kill me.
Um,
out of all the podcasts that I've done for the last,
I've just loving how excited the jets fans are right now.
I know they're sitting there with their fucking ear cupped right up to the God
damn speaker.
You probably giving their fucking boss the finger.
Fuck you.
Motherfucker.
I was waiting all season for this.
There's a big fucking crow laying on his plate and I'm going to watch a meet
every goddamn fucking bite and the feathers.
Um,
yeah.
Out of all the podcasts I've had to do,
this is,
this is to be one of the toughest ones,
toughest things I've ever going to have to say.
Congratulations to the New York jets,
their organization to their fans.
You're fucking deserved it.
You went up there,
you were talking shit and you're fucking won the game.
And uh,
and that's,
that's it.
You want it,
you won the fucking game.
And uh,
this is what I think happened,
uh,
during the game.
I thought both teams came out.
There was so much fucking hype before that game.
And,
uh,
I as always was a nervous Nelly all week.
You don't have as much shit as I talk about the jets and shit.
If you notice when they played the Patriots,
I never claim that we're going to win.
Remember that?
Remember when we the 45 to three game,
remember that before and I was going,
hey,
I got a bed.
I got a bad feeling,
man,
that's from being a Boston sports fan,
pre winning championships.
I just always,
I'm a,
I'm,
I'm waiting for the misery.
Um,
and I was getting into,
and this is another thing that I didn't like,
I didn't like that everyone was saying the Patriots were going to win.
And everyone was saying that I got to the airport,
you know,
this is me going in New York.
You go to the airport patriots,
uh,
or on the cover of sports illustrated.
And I know people go,
oh,
the fucking Jake's,
you know,
this sports illustrated jinx.
You ever think that maybe they just don't know how to pick a winner.
You ever think maybe that maybe that's their fucking problem.
Um,
I saw that and then I was watching a little bit.
Espn,
you only thing I liked was the jets were talking shit.
And I was like,
I hope they keep doing this,
just keep doing this.
And I hope they get off the plane wearing fatigues,
like the fucking Miami Hurricanes.
Uh,
that's what I was hoping.
But,
uh,
I was talking to Versie,
my gambling buddy and he was putting money on the Patriots and when he saw,
uh,
when rex Ryan said,
you know,
it's going to be me versus Bella check,
he texted me and was going,
dude,
it's over.
It's over.
Why would he do that?
That's the dumbest fucking thing to say.
But Baba Baba and a,
I don't know,
you guys won't believe me if I tell you the whole week I was going look though
our defense socks and I've been saying that all fucking year and he's gone.
No did it did,
he's just like the giants when the giants went on their fucking run.
No,
it is,
it,
it isn't.
And then he said something else.
He goes,
well,
don't worry.
I got to,
we let up like 24 to 26 points a fucking game for two thirds of the season.
We're starting for fucking rookies.
And he goes,
yeah,
but dude,
dude,
you score like 35 points a game.
And that,
that's when my fucking by heart sank into my stomach.
And I was like,
wow.
He just described Dan Marino's career.
How are we going to win the Superbowl?
We don't have a defense.
No worry.
We got Marino.
Hey Daddy,
why don't you go out and score 40 today?
That only works in the regular season.
So
I was like,
look,
all they got to do,
if they establish the run,
we're fucked because they're going to chew up the clock and then Brady is not
going to be on the field.
He can't hurt you if he's not in the field.
So that's what I was worried about.
I was hoping we were going to rate the jets,
but I was worried that if they got their running game going,
if lt started fucking running,
we were going to be in trouble.
Okay.
Cause I didn't buy into the fucking hype where it's like wow,
this is what we did the last time.
Yeah.
But the time before we lost.
All right.
It's not that we lost 28 to 14 five fucking years ago.
We lost like four months ago.
So I,
this is what I,
this is honestly in my heart of hearts,
what I think happened,
the Patriots came out and they picked up right where they left off and then
Brady threw arguably the worst pass of his career.
And I think the Patriots just got spooked.
They got,
they were stunned.
And then the jet's got run the ball down right down to like what,
like the 12 yard line.
And then they came out like the fucking keystone cops that first series.
Sanchez goes to hand off the ball and he trips is fucking running back.
Then they ran a a fucking,
uh,
I blocked so much of this game up because of the pain of watching the Patriots
lose,
but some sort of sweep and whoever was running it,
fake somebody out and then bumped into his own Lyman and then they missed the
field goal.
And I was like,
all right,
the jets a tight,
the jets are tight,
they're fucking nervous.
And then the patriots,
Kay.
And I really think though,
because Brady had not fucked up since October,
I think because of the hype of the game,
they were like,
oh fuck,
not now,
not to this team.
And for the rest of the game they were pressing and they went right down the
fucking field.
He throws a touchdown pass in,
the guy drops it,
they get a field goal and then I just feel like the rest of the game they were
playing in panic mode.
Like they were up three to nothing and they were playing well,
our defense sucks that they just,
it sucks.
Um,
but like the offense would come out and,
and the jets went up seven to three and the patriots come out like they're down
28 to three.
I just felt they never got into the rhythm.
A lot of it was because of the jets had a monster fucking pass rush.
But I,
I just was like,
yeah,
you know,
they,
they fucking call the fake punt.
Okay.
For,
she dropped a touchdown pass,
you drop the fake punt,
you throw a first down to Deon branch and he fucking drops it.
It was like they,
they would just,
I just don't think they up.
They needed to go down on that first drive and score a touchdown.
And the last thing they needed was Brady,
the throw a pic and they just never got gold.
We got going for half a second when we scored that touchdown and had the two
point conversion and it was 14 to 11 and then,
uh,
then we had the momentum.
We are great.
And we fucking nailed the guy on the kickoff.
And I'm like,
okay,
our defense has to pull one out of their ass here and fucking Clampton down and
we have to get the ball back.
And it was a moment in the fall that was the moment in the game and fucking,
yeah,
Mark Trent Dilfer Sanchez throws a fucking eight yard pass that turns into a 70
yard fucking game.
And that,
that for me,
that was fucking,
that was it.
That was it.
Even though we scored that touchdown in the end,
uh,
it,
it just,
it just wasn't a fucking day.
Even we do onside kicks in the fucking ball seem to be laying there for x eight
seconds and we were running around.
Where is it?
I don't see a jet with it.
I can't find it.
Um,
anyways,
but congratulations to the jets,
man.
You know,
you gotta hand it to them,
do it.
They talked shit and they came in and they fucking want,
but I gotta be honest.
It wasn't as amazing is everybody's making it out to be the same way.
The Patriots are not as amazing as they were made out to be going into this
fucking game.
And it's why I don't watch ESPN and I don't,
uh,
I watched the gay,
I had the game on mute because I knew the game was going to take seven years off
my life unless it went like that 45 to three games,
which to be honest,
jet fans,
I was still nervous when we were up like 28 to nothing.
That's how bad our fucking defense was on that game.
But like,
I don't,
I don't know,
I guess because they're trying to get ratings,
but I don't get how you go one and one during the regular season and then
whatever you did the last time,
you try to act like that's who the fuck you are.
And that's who the other guy is.
Or like the jets,
like there's nothing to,
I gotta let you meals from jet fans.
This one guy goes,
the dynasty is over.
And um,
it's like,
dude,
we haven't won a Superbowl since 2004.
It's been over for seven fucking years.
The dynasty ended when Teddy Bruschi had that,
that fucking mild stroke or seizure or whatever he had.
That was the end of it.
And then we,
you know,
we lost a few guys.
We were never quite the same.
But the thing is that's been the same has been Bella check and Brady.
So people are acting like they're beating the Superbowl team.
This is the team that got raped by the ravens last year,
first round or the fucking playoffs.
And uh,
you know,
so I dunno.
So whatever,
congratulations.
I still have yet to be proven wrong about the jets though.
Okay.
If you guys remember,
because people,
forget what I said.
They said they were going to win the fucking super bowl and they talked to all
this fucking shit.
All they have achieved at this point is getting back to the game that they lost
last year.
So,
uh,
but you know,
whatever my teams out of it,
so I'm done being a cunt.
So whatever good luck jet fans,
you've got a 42 year monkey on your back.
Uh,
I know what that's like times two plus fucking,
uh,
four years,
two years,
whatever it was,
86,
86 fucking years.
So,
uh,
good luck to you.
This is the thing,
I this,
let me give you the back story.
I was watching this game by myself at the Borgata in Atlantic city.
MMM.
By myself with the mute on,
on the game because I can't,
when games are that big,
I can handle any sort of comment that I consider more ironic.
Cause at one point don branch caught a ball and he was all amped up and he was
yelling over the jet sidelines and I hit mute and I hear Phil sims going Deon
branch and he's yelling at Rex Ryan.
I don't know why he'd be doing that.
Yeah,
why would he,
why would he yell at that guy who's been talking shit saying that the Brady,
the Brady,
that the Patriots are in a good team and people on their team of call a Brady
and asshole.
Yeah.
Why do you think there would be some sort of chatter?
Phil Sims?
Did you play your entire career with the Bose headphones on?
You fucking drove me nuts.
So I had fucking hit mute.
I had to hit mute and uh,
ugh.
It was fucking brutal.
And I was,
and I texted Versie at halftime.
This was another turning point at halftime.
Okay.
First of all,
what the fuck?
We gave the Goddamn jets,
the ball on our own,
48 or 30 yard line four fucking times.
And the first half,
the fact that we weren't down like 28 to three at the half was a minor miracle
and the defense actually was stepping up in that half.
But you know,
I knew it was going to come down to the fucking defense because I know a lot of
Patriot fans think it was the fucking offense.
But the offense is entitled to have a bad day to struggle every once in a
fucking blue moon.
Okay.
That's when the defense has to step it up.
And we just did not have a defense that could do that.
Okay.
If the defense could have stepped it up and got some three and outs braiding in
them,
they would've got into a rhythm.
We just couldn't get into a fucking rhythm because our defense has been like
room temperature butter all fucking year.
MMM.
So anyways,
when we got that personal foul call,
that undisciplined play that like the San Diego chargers would back in the day,
I was just like,
I was,
I,
I hate to say it,
I was like this fucking game is over.
You know,
I still watched,
cause I can't bail on my fucking team.
I still watch,
but I was just like,
this fucking game is over like day of completely Ben rattled by the jets.
They're completely out of their fucking game plan and they're playing
like,
I like an inexperienced fucking team.
Um,
okay.
And I texted Paul Versey and I wrote,
I fucking,
and then a capital letters told you we had this big debate was working down at
the comedy cellar Friday and I get ready for my big shows with David Tell Jim
Breuer and Jim and Jim Norton down at the Borgata.
So I didn't want to be the weak link on that fucking gigantic comedy show.
So I was uh,
just doing my shit around the city and versa gave me a ride home and he was
gone,
dude,
it's going to be a blood bath.
I'm telling you,
it's going to be a fucking bloodbath.
And I was going,
Paul,
our defense sucks.
All I gotta do is run the ball.
But that,
that,
you know what's funny is that didn't even,
that need,
neither thing that we said happened.
I thought the jets,
we're really going to establish the fucking run and chew up the clock.
That's what I thought was gonna happen and no way,
shape or form that.
I think Tom Brady was going to have that bad of a game.
I mean,
dude,
they were fucking off.
Did you see that one play where Gronk Koski he's running a goal pattern and
Brady throws an out.
It was just like,
what?
What the fuck is going?
They were completely rattled and I don't know if it,
I think it was the interception slash all the shit talk and the jets were doing,
I think that they wanted to beat him that fucking bad.
That when he fucked up.
Okay.
MMM.
With that fucking Jesus Christ.
I mean that,
that,
that thing was like a,
if rex Grossman made us instructional video
on how to throw whatever that pass was,
it wasn't a fucking a screen pass.
I don't know what it was.
It was just a,
Oh my God.
It was just like,
I'm going to be picked it off.
And I was like,
oh no.
Oh No.
Not now.
Not this week.
Not to this fucking team.
So I have to go down.
This is the funny thing.
This is the funniest thing about all of this.
I've talked so much shit about the jets this year.
Last week,
the jets lose to the fucking colts yet when the fucking game,
which is why I think the cult,
the jets could win because when you win a championship,
not only are you good,
but you have that stepped in.
Shit luck.
The tuck rule.
What the fuck was that?
Right?
All right,
fuck it.
Give us the ball back.
Yay.
We win the helmet.
Catch you just and with the jets you have the colts calling timeout with 29
seconds left.
You know,
just in case we get the ball back with the 5.5 seconds left,
uh,
take what call the time out here and have mediocre Mark Sanchez with the fucking
deer in the headlights.
Give them a nice minute to chill out.
Gather his thought,
give rex an opportunity to give them next three place so he can chill out.
Next play 18 yard completion game over.
You got to have that stepped in.
Shit.
Luck.
And I just feel like,
I feel like the jets have that.
They have that,
uh,
oh my God,
we're gonna lose this game.
And then somebody hits somebody out of bounds for no fucking reason.
Oh,
wait a minute.
We just got a first down.
So
I dunno.
This should be a great fucking game this week.
All right.
And I love being a jet hater.
I love that the jets beat Pittsburgh the last time and that the game is in
Pittsburgh and that Polamalu is playing this week.
And uh,
and I love that ESPN will probably hype the shit out of the jets.
That's what I'm hoping.
Uh,
so anyway,
so I'm sitting there,
let's get to the misery now.
The misery of my fucking life that day.
So I'm sitting there,
okay.
On one of the most unbelievable fucking weekends I've ever done in comedy.
Like I got to work with Jim Norton,
Jim Breuer and David tell myself we were all on the same show at the Borgata.
We played a 2100 Cedar or 20,
whatever,
the fucking big one.
And we sold it out three fucking times.
And I was just sitting there thinking like,
how fucking him it,
first of all,
I had not seen Jim,
let's,
let's go through the lineup here.
I had not seen Jim Norton
do stand up a headlining set since before the opiate Anthony virus tours.
That's how fucking long it's been because me and him came up together.
So when I started headlining,
he started headlining.
And uh,
he actually blew up,
uh,
before most of us from our,
our graduating class,
he got on the opiate Anthony Show,
um,
pre that whole scandal in the church.
He was already headlining.
So I never got to really,
I never got to work with them.
So he was,
he opened the show so,
and I,
and I was going on next.
So I got to stand there every fucking night watching him work,
watching him,
switched some jokes around and the absolutely killing.
He was fucking hilarious.
He's got this bit on,
uh,
that new show.
Hoarders that fucking killed me every night.
And uh,
it was,
it was fucking awesome.
Cause you know,
I do the road.
I do it,
you know,
when I go out,
I go with the roads,
I go with Versie but I,
I don't get to work with any of my peers,
like the guys that I started out with anymore.
And then on top of that,
then I had brewer and a tell and those were the guys when I came down from
Boston and I was this fucking nerd,
new comic and I'd be in the back of the Boston comedy club with like my
backpack.
I swear to God I had a backpack.
Right.
Cause I would walk around,
you know,
on the subway and I had all my shit and there my comedy notebook,
just in case comedy inspiration at me,
I was a total fucking nerd and I used to sit at the back of the Boston Comedy
Club,
which they should make a fucking movie about that place.
It was the ripest most intimidating fucking Rome I ever went into.
Um,
I mean in a lot of ways it was worse.
I did the Apollo one time,
it was worse than that.
Um,
cause the Apollo,
there's this odd sort of no pressure because you're expecting to get booed.
He still,
you don't want to get booed,
but if you get booed,
I mean the amount of p they booed.
Like Lauren Hill,
like famous superstars have gotten booed so it's not that bad.
But like,
uh,
the way the Boston Comedy Club was run back in the day was completely opposite
to a,
all the other comedy clubs that I make,
at least in my experience,
like this is how they would do it.
They would,
uh,
you know,
if you came down and you are a new comic and they were going to put you on,
they put you on early in the show and they tried to,
uh,
you know,
assess where you were as a comedian by sticking you basically in the show where
they figured your talents we're at,
which is,
you know,
if you're newer,
they put you earlier in the show,
the Boston Comedy Club,
if you came down,
they're like,
oh yeah,
you're new comic.
You want to go on all right.
They put you on like three quarters through the show after like fucking Louis C
Ck,
Jim Breuer,
Jay Moore had just leveled the fucking room and then you all right,
you want to go on next,
right.
And you literally would feel like,
you know those spike Lee movies where the,
where the main character that he'd be focusing on is just standing there.
But the background is like slowly pulling away.
That's,
that's what I would feel like.
And I would immediately go from,
you know,
feeling like,
five foot 10 to feeling like I was like three foot 10 I and I,
it was fucking unbelievable.
I was the worst.
And then all comics hung out in the back and you were convinced that they all
thought you sucked and they were all watching you.
It was,
it was brutal.
So anyway,
so I got to work with those guys this weekend and I'm,
I'm sitting there like a fan all weekend and the crowds were amazing and a,
but the whole weekend is fucking jets.
Patriots game is looming and I'm sitting here going,
this fucking game can go either goddamn way.
They won once we won once.
I don't know what the fuck everybody's talking about.
Like this is going to be a cakewalk.
Our defense sauce.
All right,
and I'm just sitting there at one point,
it was actually last week when the jets beat the colts.
I'm sitting there going like,
you gotta be fucking kidding me.
I'm literally talking to the comedy guts going,
what are the fucking odds that the team I've been talking shit about for the
entire fucking year.
He's not only,
yeah.
Gonna make the playoffs back into the fucking playoffs.
Lose a playoff game,
but then fucking win the fucking thing.
The next week they're going to play my fucking team.
All right?
And I'm going to be in New Jersey.
Okay.
The fucking game is at four o'clock or four 30 whatever the fuck it is.
And I go on stage at eight in New Jersey,
in front of a bunch of fucking jet fans.
Why does this keep happening to me?
It's unfucking.
I can't,
I can't explain it.
I go down to Philly,
all that fucking shit out.
I guess that had nothing to do about sports.
Sports pulled me out of the mud down there.
Another fucking time.
I have a random weekend booked at Caroline's.
Oh,
random fucking weekend.
They book it like six,
seven,
eight months out.
Yeah.
And Lo and behold,
the weekend I come in,
the first night I come in,
the night I fly in to do morning press.
I flew in on like a fucking Thursday or Wednesday,
I can't remember what the fucking Yankees win the world series.
And I'm staying in Times Square.
I'm trying to sleep and I can't cause all I hear is out in the fucking outside
my hotel window
and I'm sitting there with pillows on each side of my fucking head.
So now I'm sitting,
yeah,
no.
And I'm going,
this is classic,
my career.
This is either going to be fucking amazing or an absolute God damn debacle.
And I was sitting in my fucking hotel room and Brady threw that tech and I was
like,
oh my God.
Oh my God,
please.
No,
please,
please don't.
Not this week for the love of fucking God kitchen.
Not,
I'm trying to go a hundred days without boozing.
Kenyan not do it this week.
I know we're not good enough to win the Superbowl this fucking year.
I know we're going to lose in the playoffs,
but can we just not lose to these fucking shit talking conch please.
Right.
And then they fucking keystone cop did and missed a field goal and we drove down
there and I ended it just,
it just,
it just fucking unraveled.
And the whole time I'm sitting there going,
what is going to happen at my standup show?
What?
Cause I already have been walking around the casino in a day and all I'm seeing
is jets,
jerseys.
I see a couple of,
I'm in fucking Atlantic City,
New Jersey.
All right.
The Eagles are not in the playoffs.
There's no playoffs,
there's no eagles fans,
dance jets fans.
And I get to show to fucking do and I perform in an art where it's okay to yell
at you,
fucking suck you faggot.
It's okay to do that.
And I'm watching my team unravel and I'm just sitting there ironing my show
shirt.
Okay,
go.
And not only do I got to do a podcast and eat fucking crow,
I now have to go down a dance like a fucking monkey for a bunch of God damn
elated jet fans who are,
who are probably going to be yelling JTS jets,
jets,
jets.
Every time I'm trying to do a punchline,
why does this keep happening to me?
Why couldn't I bet in fucking Ohio?
All right,
so now it's seven 30.
The game is basically fucking over.
And then there's a knock on the door at security to bring me downstairs,
which is absolutely fucking hilarious.
Like,
you know,
like,
I need that,
but you know,
I'll feed my fucking ego and the door opens up.
And I was just like,
I fucking knew it.
I fucking called it that fucking Versie cunt.
He's not answering his fucking phone.
I fucking told him,
I fucking told him I knew this was going to fucking happen,
right.
And,
uh,
the guys takes me downstairs and I'm thinking,
well,
you know what's great about this shit is they're taken me the Goodfellas way so
I can go down in the elevator.
I'm in the catacombs behind the fucking massive theater.
I'll just sit there.
I'll watch the final fucking minutes of the game,
you know,
because unlike those other fucking fairweather fans who left Gillette stadium,
I'll get to that later.
But there's a reason why they build stadiums as big as they do.
It's for all the fairweather fucking fance.
All right?
And it's also why you should never be upset if somebody you love doesn't return
a fee,
a fucking fan letter,
because that's what fans are.
That's what they are,
you know,
entertain me.
I love you.
As long as you should do what I want and then you don't,
when you're down,
I'm going to walk out on you.
And I'm guilty of it too.
I've had plenty of fucking people that I've been fans of that went broke.
I never sent him any God damn money.
I just,
I just talked to my friend,
do what the fuck happened and what happened to Leif Garrett,
Leif Garrett.
So anyway,
so I'm going down into the,
uh,
in the,
I'm thinking,
well,
whatever,
or,
you know,
what the,
what the fuck?
There's no way it's going to be worse than Philly.
Um,
I just got to address it the second I go out there,
right?
So on,
but at least I can just have this moment of peace if fucking deal with the fact
that what I kind of knew was gonna happen was gonna happen.
I just didn't want it to happen to the jet.
So I'm fucking decompressing from that loss.
I got to set it aside,
cause now I have to go fucking out there and be like a God damn cloud.
So as I'm sitting there watching the final fucking seconds of it,
all of a sudden I hear Jim brewer coming down the fucking corridor going,
you fucking believe this shit.
You fucking,
it just keeps getting louder.
I'm like,
please don't walk into my dressing room.
And he just comes walking in.
He's like,
the fucking Patriot did.
He starts miming jerking off in my face and he goes like,
he just blew a load in my face,
right?
He goes,
fuck you mother fucker.
Like I
talking shit all weekend.
It proceeds to start trashing me and the Patriots.
And it was actually fucking hilarious because I saw in him,
I saw me last year screaming about Peyton manning cause you only hear shit about
your team.
You know,
you never hear anything fair and balanced.
And he's sitting there,
oh Tom Brady,
he's so great,
his fucking quarterback ever.
It was literally
my rent from last year about Peyton manning.
So,
ah,
was I getting my just desserts and I,
he just kept trashing me and then I said like,
I'll fuck you.
You still haven't won one since 1969.
He goes,
fuck you,
you sound like a Yankee Fan faggot.
And he's,
I took a pounding from him.
Um,
classic jet Fan though,
didn't say shit before the game was all fucking nervous,
just like every was,
everybody was admitted.
I didn't get any emails from jet fans and afterwards,
you know what,
only got a few and it was from the usual country ones that,
uh,
you know,
really need to go hug their dad or whatever.
So then I'm sitting there going,
oh my God.
And a Norton came in and he was kind of fucking laugh.
And he goes,
you're bummed out.
I go,
yeah,
I got him.
I know I'm past it,
dude.
I got to do this.
And I go,
hey guys,
give me a lot of jet fans out there.
Isn't there?
Okay.
Why,
why comedy gods?
Why did I have to be in Atlantic city?
Why did I have to be working with Jim Brewer as much as I fucking love the guy,
why did I have to work be working with a jet fan?
You know why?
Because I deserved it because I've been talking shit all fucking year.
I actually became what?
I didn't want to be what I was trashing Rex Ryan for.
So anyways,
so now I'm standing out in the waste 20 fucking 100 people.
So I'm peeking through the curtain,
right?
Like some fucking open miker who's never been on stage before.
I look in the front row and what do I see?
I see like five jet jerseys,
some fat fuck with the jets hat and unless God,
Oh God,
here we go.
Here we go.
God dammit.
Ah,
fight.
If I could clone myself right now and put a fucking,
God damn,
I'm doing standup sport coat on this person,
I would.
So Jimmy goes out there,
it all week.
He just kept,
he just getting funnier.
It was,
it was really fucking awesome watching him.
Ed.
Okay.
He actually took one joke that was killing in the,
uh,
the end of a set.
He put it at the beginning and it fucking just destroys and then he's just
murder up.
They keep murdered them twice Saturday night,
but his clearly just fucking take it to another level and I'm just laughing
going and Jimmy's going to have a set where I can't even follow him.
Really comedy gods.
This is really going to fucking happen.
And uh,
I'm sitting there and then this is okay for all you comedians out there.
I was like,
all right,
what do I gotta do?
What?
Oh,
well how am I going to get out of this?
What is,
what is the,
I can't just go out there and start doing my fucking act
and act like nothing's happening.
I was thinking of going out there and the second they started yelling about the
jets,
I was gonna be like,
no,
no.
I'm taping the game.
Don't tell me what happens.
They'll tell me what happened.
But that would be funny for like three fucking seconds.
So I finally,
it's just going like what I always do whenever I,
before I'm going out on stage and I just don't feel like I'm going to have a
good set and I don't feel like I'm funny.
I just said,
what am I feeling?
What am I thinking?
I am thinking,
fuck,
I can't believe the patriots lost.
And I've all fucking states that I have to be in to watch them lose to the team
that I hate the most right now.
Why did I have to be in New Jersey?
And I was literally like,
up,
there's your opener.
That is your opener.
And that's what I went out to.
And all the jets fans would die and fucking laughing.
And then they left me alone.
They didn't give a fuck.
They will fucking elated.
And,
uh,
although I couldn't,
I couldn't slow down at any point during my set.
Like the crowds are so great all weekend.
Usually when you have a crowd that big,
you can't really bring them down to try to build it back up again.
You have to kind of just killed the whole time.
I noticed you could bring up down,
which was so great the whole weekend.
But,
but during that set,
every time I would bring it down,
that would always be one guy.
Yeah.
Fuck it.
So,
so I took my pounding,
so there you go.
Congratulations.
Seriously.
And I got to,
I have to,
I have to admit stuff to two.
I walked by like,
you know when your team fucking loses a game like this,
will you give a fuck like this?
You cannot watch ESPN for a good three days.
And I haven't been able to do that a lot this year.
I couldn't do it when the Ravens raped us.
I guess it was a year ago when the ravens raped us last year in the playoffs.
Playoffs.
I didn't watch it for like three fucking days.
Um,
when the Lakers beat us in game seven,
you know,
when,
uh,
there were their 12th man came off the bench with those striped shirts,
it just started fucking calling fouls and technical files and all that shit.
I'll never get over that by the way.
Um,
I didn't watch it for like fucking four.
I couldn't eat,
I couldn't even watch TV cause I live in Los Angeles.
I had close the windows,
Lakers Faulker I had to deal with that.
Um,
and then this one,
I've had three bad things come in threes,
right?
People I don't believe in that either.
You just,
you just start recounting after three.
Um,
and this is one of them.
I just,
but I just could not watch it.
I still have not watched one second of ESPN.
I flipped by real quick with,
with the,
with the mute button on and if there's a game on,
I watched the game.
Um,
okay.
But I walked by a TV and I saw Rex Ryan doing the press conference.
I only heard a couple things he had,
but he had a genuine look of joy in his face.
And for half a second,
I was actually somewhere in my jet Hayton mind,
happy for the guy like,
ah,
the motherfucker,
he did it and he fucking did it.
That son of a bitch eight Oh,
whatever.
I might be a conflict,
but I can't take it to the level of truly wishing that level of misery.
You know,
they haven't won it since 1969 and me,
but to be honest with yourself,
this is what I think when you realize,
if you're a problem fan,
where you're taking it to the point where you're really just,
I like the point that I've taken it.
Um,
where it's just no fun to be a sports fan where you literally take it to the
point where you don't want a,
yeah.
Like I remember like the,
the,
I probably age,
like 11 years after the Red Sox won in 2004 every year,
praying for the Yankees to never win another fucking world series.
Like that wasn't going to happen.
You know,
$200 million every fucking year on the table,
you know,
plus a fucking great organization.
It's going to happen.
Um,
it's just too much fucking energy.
So my team is out of it.
I have done shit talking,
and even if the jets fucking lose,
I,
I'm not going to do that to you because you beat my team and that,
and that's,
you know,
that's a fucking bitch move.
I'm not going to do it so seriously from the bottom of my jet hating heart.
Congratulations to all you guys.
You deserve it and joy.
You're fucking week and a know this,
that you guys next week now carry the pressure of being,
oh,
the only thing that stands in the way of a date rape is possibly going on to win
his third super bowl championship.
Dude,
Ben Roethlisberger quietly.
Okay.
Very quietly.
I mean,
date rape charges really drowned out a lot of on the field success.
Let's be fair,
very quietly.
Uh,
okay.
Could join the ranks of,
as far as I know,
if he wins his third one,
he's on the only,
he's with Tom Brady and Troy Aikman.
They're the only other guys who've won three.
Right.
And then there's only two guys have one.
Four is Montana and Bradshaw.
Am I correct?
Am I missing somebody?
I thought Jim Plunkett for half a second,
but that was Kenny Stabler and 77.
So,
uh,
Oh,
let me tell jet fans.
I gotta get,
I gotta I owe this to you guys.
I've got to let you know all my misery.
Yeah.
So at the end of the show,
the show fucking ends and uh,
it's the end of the week.
And uh,
I took a bunch of pictures with fucking jet fans wearing jerseys and uh,
it was actually,
we,
it was actually ended up being a good time,
but the,
the best thing was afterwards,
you know,
Norton into tell left,
cause you know,
they live in New York,
they took off.
Brewer was handed with hanging with some friends.
So I go back to my fucking room by myself.
No security,
no,
not the,
not now.
Look,
I needed it,
but I walked back through the catacombs,
the fucking Goodfellas way by myself.
Just thinking about the loss.
All I hear is the sound of my shoes hitting the tile floor,
walking to that service elevator that looks like shit because they,
you know,
they move furniture in.
It went up to my floor.
Yeah.
Went into this amazing suite that they had given me
by myself.
I sat there,
I ordered room service and by myself with the TV off and only one light on in
silence.
I ate a cheeseburger,
some French fries.
And I got,
uh,
some cheesecake for dessert.
And I just sat there.
I couldn't put the TV on and I just sat there in silence and then it hit me and
I was like,
oh my God,
I have to do the podcast and relive this.
So there you go.
I hope you jet fans deserved,
not deserved.
Outbeat do.
Jet Fans enjoyed that and I apologize that I,
when I got off the plane that I didn't come home.
I didn't come right home and do a podcast.
I could have,
but I really wanted to make sure that I did it justice,
that I got a good night's sleep.
I didn't want to do a lane podcast.
That podcast last week sucked.
I was getting ready to leave as the worst podcast I think I've ever done.
And uh,
I wanted to make sure that I,
you know,
I tried to remember all of my misery because I really felt,
that's one of the joys of winning is when a loud mouth can't from the other
team,
you know,
they're miserable.
So I hope I didn't leave any details out.
I got a couple of emails.
MMM.
I Dunno,
but here's what I wanted that somebody said there was a couple of things I
thought was funny.
Some guy,
a jets fan who went up to a fuck squirrel.
Oh,
you know what I have,
I have a feeling I'm just worried.
I'm not going to end up talking about the amazing look.
Can I just talk about it?
How Great Atlantic City was and why you guys have to see this show.
Because I think we're going to take it to Connecticut at one of the casinos up
there.
And even if we don't,
if things don't work out,
which I know they're going to cause it was a fucking,
I want to thank everybody who came out to the shows.
It was really a fucking event.
Um,
and I don't overhype shows that I'm on,
but it was arguably one of the best comedy show easily that I've been on in the
last fucking 10 years,
and it's the strongest tore I v I think I've ever been on.
I mean,
those opie and Anthony ones were fucking amazing.
Those were amazing low.
Uh,
especially that night in Philly.
That's what's so funny about those fucking idiot Philly fans.
If you saw the,
you know,
the lineup that night was Patrice O'neil,
Robert Kelly,
Tracy Morgan.
Ralphie made Jim Norton,
me.
Who else was out there?
I'm going to forget.
Bob said it was fucking insane.
It was like one of,
you know,
when those rock and roll hall of fame shows where they bring out like fucking
all these musicians and stick them on the stage and then somehow it always
sucks.
Is it ever good when you have 58 guitarist in 19 drummers?
It never,
it never sounds good.
And then they always play like mama kin or some fucking standard hail,
hail,
rock and roll or some stupid shit that the way this is what is the first show?
And we played,
we were 60,
um,
except it was actually a great show.
But um,
this is so,
this will be the strongest one that I've been on since the ONA virus tour and a
opie and Anthony came down to it.
It was fucking great.
I was hanging out with both of them.
Um,
Anthony is absolutely fucking hilarious and it needs to be a documentary made
about people who played blackjack.
He came,
he came in from playing blackjack and he had sweat under his armpits.
Like he had been playing full court basketball in a turtle neck sweater.
Um,
it was awesome.
And I wonder what,
I watched him gamble and he was hilarious and he was cursing out this fucking
retard who didn't know how to,
didn't know how to gamble.
He fucking hit on 17,
went over and then the dealer got 21.
And,
uh,
I swear to God,
if Anthony killed him right then and there,
I would have,
I would have become an accessory to murder,
not in that I would've helped him kill him,
but I definitely would have helped to hide Anthony from the authorities.
Um,
do you mind if we come in?
Mr Burn?
Uh,
do you have a warrant?
Yes,
we do.
Uh,
yeah,
just,
uh,
just stay out of the bedroom.
Uh,
it's not really cleaned up.
Um,
anyways,
it was an unbelievable night and uh,
I don't know when we're going to do the show again,
but I have to tell you if you get a chance to see any of those three fucking
guys like Jim Norton's,
that is the funniest I've ever fucking seen him.
Attell is a
fucking beast.
And Jim Brewer,
I'm telling you,
has one of the top 10 funniest fucking bitch I've ever seen.
Uh,
obviously I'm not going to,
you know,
ruined what the fuck it is.
But it starts off I was standing up watching him and by the time he was done,
I was slumped down.
I made us a fucking dirty casino rug.
If I could have fucking been laying on the ground laughing,
I would have,
but I was actually,
you know,
I was crouching down and you have a c like when they gamble in China,
you know how they crouched down and I was sorta sitting like that but I was
fucking dying laughing like lean sideways into the wall.
This is how funny the joke was.
I actually was downstairs in the green room at one point and called Nia while
Jim was on stage and you could hear the show and I put the phone up to the bit
and she was dying laughing.
So if you guys get a chance to see any of them,
go on their websites,
go see them because uh,
it,
it was just a fucking unbelievable weekend and I really,
really hope that we get to do it again and a,
and I want to thank Jim Norton for putting the whole thing together.
It's just a great idea.
And the fans were fucking amazing.
They were quiet.
They would laugh and then they,
then they would be quiet and let you set it up.
I felt like I was working at the cellar,
you know where you are,
just a great comedy room,
but it was his fucking 2100 Cedar conference from.
So uh,
I hope you guys all had a great time.
I got ridiculous emails about people telling me how funny the show is and I got
like three emails from people telling me that was the first comedy show they
ever went to.
Um,
well all I can say as you pick the fucking right one.
So that's it.
So I'll let you guys know when we're going to be doing more.
Um,
all right,
so here's,
here's an email I got from a jet Fan who went up to Gillette stadium.
Alright.
Uh,
pat fans are all scumbags who shop at ll bean.
Be Honest,
Patriot fans.
If you really remove yourself from the situation and you go buy a patriots
tailgate,
you know,
you know those fucking boots that are like,
they're like leather on top,
but they're made out of rubber on the bottom.
They'll shoot those boots are actually the shit.
Yeah,
we are a bunch of rubes the same way.
If you go down to giants stadium,
it's like the fucking Jersey shore meets,
uh,
you know,
those already lang looking guys,
and I'm not trashing already leg because look at me.
I am a pasty face and beck from Boston.
Um,
that was,
you know,
we really are the faces of our state.
When I think of New Jersey,
I definitely think of art,
art already Lang type of a guy and thought,
when you think a of Massachusetts,
don't you think about a book,
some Conan O'brien,
Bill burr looking fucking high hit thig to tattoo.
Um,
so I'm not gonna lie with you and I'm not going to say that we aren't scumbags
up there.
Uh,
we are at doe.
That got is just uh,
uh,
just got it from Foxborough.
The experience was a good time,
expected some heckling going and uh,
made it out without getting hassled to hard overall was an awesome experience.
Watching all pat fans empty the stadium before the game was over.
My section was packed with jets.
Fans felt bad for the guy and his daughter who was surrounded on every side.
I guess by jet fans.
I'm not sure if it's Foxboro or NFL fans in general that are just degenerate
scum bags.
Since I've only been to the metal lands prior to this for NFL Games,
but here's a small list of Shit I saw throughout the day.
I saw a guy and his girlfriend get real racist with one jets fans sitting in
front of them.
Uh,
yeah,
that's,
that's Boston until he spit beer on the wrong group of people and it turned into
a pats fan versus pats fan fight.
You know,
funny that is because I've always resented Gillette stadium and the lighthouse
and the way they paved over the,
the scumbag experienced that going to a patriots game used to be over in Foxboro
stadium.
I hated how when we became a championship team,
all those corporate seats and all those fucking white collar douchebags who
started showing up,
it was a fucking keg party from 19 fucking 70 right through
most of bill Parcells time.
Not until we started winning championships and a,
the shit started turning it around that all of a sudden there was this expecting
to win vibe and everybody started acting classy.
The bottom line is no fans,
no fans are classy.
Uh,
unless you're winning,
then when you're winning,
it's easy to be like,
you know,
they're just a bunch of classes.
People,
you know,
what kind of behavior is that?
Um,
it's like,
dude,
why don't you look into your fucking closet and,
and,
and remember how you act.
It's like Yankee fans.
Remember that Shit.
It was always red feather.
Red Sox fans are scumbags.
We have no class and blah,
blah,
blah.
And this is all why the Yankees were winning.
And then I remember when a rod slap the ball out of,
uh,
was it Bronson or royals glove?
And the call went against him for the first time in history.
The Yankees got caught cheating.
You know,
if they're all the years of polling home runs into the fucking stands and
leaning into balls during,
uh,
when you picked off,
they've call finally went against him and the Yankee fans,
these classy fucking metropolitan.
We live in the Paris of United States littered the fucking field with fucking
trash.
All right,
so there you go,
sir.
So yes,
let me,
let me just finish.
He says,
uh,
but blah,
blah,
blah.
I saw dude cut off an entire line of track it and throw beers at someone's car.
This is after the game or maybe it was before the game.
Who knows?
And when confronted threatened the dude and said he was going to get his Gat and
I also saw a bunch of Douche bags on the way,
on the way out on that shitty two lane highway guilty as charged route one baby
spiking beers at people's cars in dead stopped traffic looking to the Ford
looking forward to the podcast and gloating all week.
Yeah,
yeah,
definitely.
Um,
yeah,
no,
if you go,
if you go around the league,
yeah.
A sports fans are,
if they're losing their,
yeah,
they are scumbags.
Nobody.
Nobody's a good loser,
you know.
But there are definitely worse ones.
And someone actually asked me because,
uh,
it was one patriots fan.
I liked this guy.
He was pissed at all the pats fans that left.
Um,
and I know a lot of jets fans and go,
yeah,
the fucking lame ass fucking fans.
It's,
I'll fuck you.
You Green faggots,
you do it too.
Everybody does it.
And the only those people who stay,
those are die hard fans.
And if you noticed it's like 26 fucking people.
Okay.
You know those years when your team is like one in 15 and two and 14 and there's
26 people at the game and you know when your team is supposed to win some big
playoff game and then they,
they fucking lose and you're so embarrassed and,
but there's in this,
just that same 26 people,
that's the diehard fan.
And the only reason why they make the stadiums that fucking big is for the good
times when all the fairweather fags show up.
That's why.
And you,
you saw how many die hard fucking Patriot fans they are.
There's the same level as diehard jet fans.
I'm telling you with that little fireman walkout,
he wouldn't,
would most jet fans walk out then that 45 be honest.
You Green greencards 45 to three d drubbing if that took place down in the
meadow lands,
Huh?
I know Hoe do I would've stayed.
Oh,
I would have been there with the hero.
Go and don't worry,
I'm still here for you.
You're full of shit.
You would have been out there on the fucking awful Jersey turnpike.
Y'All would've left.
I got so many emails of people telling me they shut off the game and discussed
all that type of shit.
All right,
so shut the fuck up.
Most people are fair weather.
Fuck it.
Fence.
So,
uh,
you know,
pat fans don't suck pat fans or just a,
they're an example of what a most fans are.
So I don't think you have any,
right.
Getting mad at an athlete.
If he doesn't sign your autograph,
sign you a fucking autograph.
You know,
because most of you,
if they're down 45 to three or 28 fucking 21 down by seven onside kick,
where the fuck were you?
You're already on route one,
so you have no right getting mad at him.
But uh,
that's what sports fans do.
They all suck.
Look at all those giant fans getting met.
They have the nerve to get mad at Tom Kauflin and,
and ask if he should be removed.
The guys like two and a half years removed,
three years removed from beating an undefeated 17 point favorite in the
Superbowl and now everybody's acting like the game passed them by.
Um,
I dunno.
So I know this has been pretty much all sports this week.
It had to be,
it had to be,
uh,
but Patriot fans.
Okay.
A lot of you a zoned out from watching ESPN and all the hype about this patriots
team.
You got understand what Bella check did this year is he's rebuilding a fucking
monster.
And the fact that we were able to get as far as we did with the team,
that we had that awful fucking defense to somehow go 14 and fucking too,
when you let up 24 fucking points,
I can't wait to run it to this fucking dickhead down at the comedy store.
Another patriots fan who
was,
you know what?
I hate wins when you have a sports debate and somebody has a point.
Okay.
And not only did they not wait for you to finish,
they say that point and then they just keep repeating it.
He goes,
patriots are going to win it,
man.
They're going to win the fucking super bowl bell.
Bill Bellacheck has got these guys and I go,
wait a minute,
dude,
wait a minute.
They're letting up.
Like the defense is like last in everything in the league.
Three quarters of season.
He goes,
stats don't mean not the stats on me.
Nothing.
And I'm like,
dude,
they're letting up 24 to 26.
Jack told me nothing.
Stan told me not to.
Now do stats don't mean everything.
I la,
Peyton Manning,
they don't mean everything.
But you know,
you can't ignore that.
I can't wait to fucking run into that guy.
I'm just going to walk up to him,
be Steph told me not eating.
She I told me in anything and of course he won't remember.
And then I'll just look like a psycho.
Is he drinking again?
Speaking of which people I am 93 fucking days,
93 fucking days into,
uh,
into this hundred day John,
I got seven.
Oh,
actually,
I'm sorry,
I'm 94 days to go.
So next week,
the Monday morning podcast,
I will be a hundred days in and a,
I'm actually going to the Bruins,
a la kings.
So just in case you think I'm going to retire as a sports fan,
uh,
I'm not,
I have an odd sense of fucking relief.
I don't know,
maybe this podcast was like Cathartic.
I,
I have no idea what,
and um,
I dunno.
I Dunno.
Am I going to be able to watch it next week?
I think Jeff,
I think rex Ryan might be that,
you know,
when they say,
I tell you you hate it,
but if he played for you,
you'd fucking love them.
You know when they say about off Samuelson and I say,
no,
I wouldn't.
Uh,
there's something about rex,
he reminds me of all the meat head friends had when we used to go out drink it
when I was younger,
you know.
Okay.
But he's very hard to like,
he's very fucking hard to like,
you know,
he's fat I,
and I was really,
you don't want it was about that guy.
Did you guys,
I don't know if it was made,
did you guys notice that he was losing weight rapidly the entire year because of
that lap band surgery?
And then right after that patriots lost,
he kind of leveled off for half a second and maybe put on a few pounds.
Did you notice that?
Do you realize like the level of m and m's that guy was eating,
you know,
after his,
I don't give up play him again.
He was trying to fucking calm down his mind.
Um,
that was one thing I was looking at.
I was like,
oh my,
I hope this guy is losing his fucking mind and I just really don't want to lose
to these guys.
And we did.
Oh,
it fucking hurt.
It was like the end of Braveheart,
except I did cry out
and I didn't yell freedom,
but it definitely began with an f word.
All right,
there we go.
That's the end of that bullshit.
So let's get on with the a of the rest of the podcast people.
I am going to be in Arlington,
Texas.
Oh,
how funny is this?
I actually have an opportunity to go to the Superbowl this year,
which just trait change drastically because this jets one,
not that I don't have a ticket,
but there's no fucking way I'm going to go there if the jets are in it.
Uh,
I actually,
I might go cause I think I'm gradually getting past this shit,
you know,
come on.
Superbowl and fucking Dallas.
That'd be awesome.
Um,
yeah,
and that's also,
you know,
if I'm back on the sauce,
that could be a really good fucking time.
You know,
by the way,
is that jet fan who's a fireman,
is he actually a fireman and if he is,
what exactly does he fight fires because he's on all the home and away games.
How much money is he making as a firefighter that he can afford to do that?
Is it one of those gay things where he's [inaudible] the,
the,
the fucking team,
the ownership or he's,
he's one of our super fans and that he gets like free season tickets.
Um,
is he part of the nine 11 clause?
Is that what it is?
Because he has a fireman hat on that,
you know,
they're like,
okay,
well we can't make this guy buy tickets.
He's a firefighter.
We all feel fucking horrific after nine 11,
let's fucking Hook this guy up at guys like one of the luckiest sports fans
ever.
Although I do notice they always stick them down in the corner of the end zone.
They don't quite hook them up on the 50 yard line.
Do they?
Um,
is he a fireman?
I have no idea,
but I'm making fun of that guy all weekend.
I do know that he's very close with his boyfriend who puts them on his shoulder.
I still maintain that jet fans.
I will not back down on that if that was my fucking son.
Don't you ever,
ever put it another man on your fucking shoulders with fireman's hat?
You understand me?
If you got to fucking mustache,
I would never talk to you again.
Do you understand me?
Huh?
Hey,
fucking talking to you.
As long as you carry my fucking last name.
All right.
They go to your room and think about it.
Um,
all right,
let's try and get something Outta here.
Let's try to get something fucking going on about this.
Uh,
right.
Where are we?
Oh,
here's a revenge story and this one's disgusting.
All right.
If there's any women actually still listening to this podcast after I did
fucking an hour about a God damn football game.
All right.
Revenge story.
Uh,
and I wrote gross in parentheses.
Okay.
Um,
I don't know if you still do those revenge stories anymore,
but I thought I'd pass mine along anyway.
All right.
I had this roommate in college who would chew loudly off.
That's,
that was one of my big pet peeves in life.
If you're a fucking adult and you eat with your mouth open,
I really think I should be able to leak legally.
Fucking stab you in the juggler with the utensil you're eating with Bita.
Chap.
Stick a fork.
A fucking spoon.
Ali.
I got a fucking spoon in there.
I will butter knife slowly.
Fucking saw my way into that.
Um,
he would chew too loudly.
Scream into the phone when I was trying to watch TV.
Leave the toilet seat up when there were ladies over and generally gross out.
My girlfriend with his caveman like habits between that and his constant
messages,
uh,
I was having to clean up.
I got fed up after awhile.
I'm talking,
did nothing.
So I had to get creative since we shared a bathroom,
we also shared the toilet paper.
All right people,
I'm giving you an opportunity to hit stop right now.
All right,
you can hit stop.
You can hit pause.
You can fast forward.
It's probably gonna take me another minute.
Okay.
Have you done it?
Cause I'm going to start reading in three,
two.
I took the role into my room,
unraveled it,
and with my girlfriends assistant drips some leftover Tj's on it.
Let me read that sentence again.
I took a role into my room,
unraveled it,
and with my girlfriends,
assistant assistants,
drip,
some leftover Tj's on it.
I made sure to space it out every few sheets so that it was throughout the role
in,
in a small enough quantity that wasn't obvious.
Just exactly.
How did you do that?
Will you fucking choke in your cock on choking?
Choking and chalky joking,
is that what you were doing?
Did you have a fucking Turkey based or this is disgusting,
this is fucking disgusting.
So He'd left a small enough quantity so it wasn't obvious the satisfaction of
knowing that when he white he would be rubbing my semen into his ass,
made the annoying habits far less annoying after,
after that,
whenever he would chew loudly or be annoying my girl and I would think of what
we'd done and just start laughing,
know that knowing that I had planted my seed inside of him,
so to speak,
highly recommended this to,
I highly recommend this to anyone who has an annoying rent.
A roommate.
Ed has never been tested,
uh,
as an as tested negative for HIV.
Dude,
that is fucking disgusting.
First of all,
how do you know when he went in there and wiped his ass?
Why are you thinking he sticking his finger up his ass?
And uh,
what did you do when you went in and had to take a dump?
You obviously brought in some different toilet paper.
Did you have like your ear up to a glass waiting to hear the sound of fucking
shit hitting the toilet water.
And how did your girlfriend bring you to climax with that toilet paper right
there?
She just rubbed you out like it was a job.
Eh,
that's just fucking disgusting,
man.
That's really one of the creepy ones I've ever gotten a youtube videos this
week.
I only have one of them.
Um,
because I,
I seriously,
uh,
like I said,
I was flying back from Atlantic city and I didn't have time to go through all
the youtube,
so I apologize.
I only have one,
uh,
the left rights.
I'm on crack.
It's actually a really cool music video.
A silly song.
Uh,
maybe you can attach you just sort of one happy one.
Let me,
let me do the,
I've got a couple of advice and then I'm going to tap out here.
Uh,
all right,
advice.
I know this girl,
I've known her for a bit.
Uh,
we're friends,
we've been for a while.
Okay.
Now this one,
you know how everybody always trashes me for the way I fucking read.
I know I suck at reading,
but I have to let you know.
This is all in lowercase and there's absolutely no punctuation whatsoever.
I don't know if this guy text message this or what,
but this is not my fucking fault.
Let me try my best to read this.
All right,
Bill.
I know this girl.
I've known her for a bit and we're friends.
No period.
We've been for a while,
comma.
Anyway,
about a month ago I asked her out on a date and she said yes,
comma,
continuing the sentence.
He doesn't have periods.
He just has calm is lowercase.
I took her out and we had fun.
No period.
We talk.
Shit
was Hunky Dory.
No Comma,
we kissed it.
No period.
It was awesome.
First date,
it was an awesome first date.
Hey,
there's a period,
no capital letter.
Then I,
I barely fucking heard from her.
No period.
I was running around like a fucking jackass.
Just trying to talk to her and I'm sorry the,
I guess it keeps going.
Just trying to talk to her and when we would talk it was fine.
Oh,
there's a period I was beating myself up going crazy.
No,
period.
I was some piece of shit.
Anyway,
I pulled myself together and I asked her out again.
She wants against said yes.
Awesome.
Right.
Well not your fucking lack of punctuation.
That's not awesome.
So we go out again when cool.
Again,
I didn't kiss her this time.
I don't know.
It was just off.
But anyway,
comma,
that was no punctuation and all of that.
You fucking Dick once again.
I was fucking,
yeah,
once again,
I fucking didn't hear a thing,
so I said,
fuck it.
I don't need this right now.
And we just went back to being friends.
Never talked about it.
Just let it lay.
Yeah,
fucking see double at this point.
Anyway,
lately I've been talking to her a lot.
Like I said,
like I said,
we're friends,
but she's very clearly been flirting with me and I honestly,
I've been flirting back.
I still liked the girl.
No period,
no nothing.
But I just don't know if it's worth it.
You know,
period.
No question mark.
She's got a lot of drama.
She's one of these girls that gets drunk at a party and cries,
then ask people if she's pretty,
which she really fucking is like really hot dot,
dot,
dot.
Ah,
but I do like her,
I just don't know if I should put myself through this shit again.
What do you think bill?
I legitimately,
legitimately we'd like your advice slash opinion.
Um,
okay.
The first thing I would do,
I would get some sort of spell check.
I would get some sort of,
uh,
um,
phonics or some sort of shit to teach you how to write.
All right?
People I know I suck at reading out loud,
but can,
can you do me a fucking solid?
I'm not reading any more fucking emails that,
that are like this.
All right.
Cause I,
this is literally is I'm,
I'm starting to lose my fucking eyesight.
Um,
so what do I think?
Yeah.
Okay.
This is what I think.
I think you should definitely not get dual relationship with this girl,
this girl that this girl is a fucking nightmare.
All right?
There's all kinds of red flags.
I don't know what happened to her.
And I can tell you right now,
you don't want to find out what's happening to her,
what happened to her.
You don't want to find out in that you don't want to have feelings for this
girl.
All right?
And when the other fucking bag of shit hits the floor and your heart is
underneath that,
you don't.
You don't.
You don't let a girl like this break your heart,
all right?
You can see it from a mile away.
She is a fucking mess.
All right?
There's plenty of great girls out there.
You're a young guy.
Go find one.
All right?
Find a girl,
you know,
make a list of shit.
All right?
One of the big things,
if you want to find a really good girl is find one who has a great relationship
with her parents.
Hopefully they're still together,
all right?
That's another good thing.
Start with that.
But if they sit there,
you ain't got,
they got low self esteem issues.
You're going to kill a decade a your fucking life trying to build them up and
it,
you know what it's going to be.
It's going to be fucking exhausting.
All right.
And then because she doesn't think she's pretty,
she might act out sexually,
um,
for some sort of,
you know.
Okay.
I don't know,
like Geez,
I just really,
I'm an hour and six minutes in here.
Just,
you know,
some sort of affirmation that she is pretty okay.
So what do I think you should do?
All right,
well if you're a well adjusted guy,
you'll just walk away from the situation and say that I'm not going to just bang
her and use that as a fucking Nacho.
My bedpost to make my ego feel good and I'm not going to hurt this person.
But if you're,
how most people are your age,
I would just say bang her and then uh,
I dunno,
it's going to be ugly.
If you want to bang this girl,
I got to tell you,
don't let your heart get involved at a,
I dunno,
not,
not having seen her,
not seeing how hot she is and being older and more mature,
I would say just walk away and go find some,
well adjusted hottie that's,
unless you just want a bank.
So buddy,
but then you,
you can do that.
You know what it is about this thing.
You know what?
I don't like this too much fucking history.
You got to be able to leave.
You gotta be able to fucking,
okay.
Go out the side door.
If you just going to bank somebody,
you can't have this.
Well,
we were friends at first and then it became romantic.
Then we went back to being friends and then we fucked.
Eh.
It's just a fucking nightmare.
Yeah,
I'd find someone else to fuck.
But if you don't give a shit,
yeah,
I banger.
But by no means don't develop any sort of feelings for her.
All right,
there you go.
There's my advice.
I'm going to do one more and then that's it.
All right.
This one has punctuation.
So if I fuck up,
this one is on me.
Uh,
hey bill,
first of all,
if I want to thank you for your breakup advice I listened to.
I think this is just a thank you here.
I listen to the podcast a few weeks ago and heard this guy's story about getting
dumped on Christmas Eve.
Oddly enough,
I was also at the end of a relationship with a girl who had,
who had had a kid.
She waited until a week after new year's when I was out of town,
a center flowers because I could tell something was off.
Something was up.
I mean,
and I had been gone a lot recently.
She called when I got off work and confirmed my suspicion.
I don't need to get into all that shit.
It happened.
And uh,
the point is I just listened to your podcast after it all happened and decided
that's how it had to be.
No point in scoring anything else up in my life.
No,
no point in worrying about anything.
Get back to the gym and focus on finishing school and my career.
That's right.
There you go.
That's a great fucking move.
That's a self esteem move right there.
You're going to find somebody else.
You're going to get somebody better.
Go get in great shape and uh,
get your career going.
Phenomenal.
Fucking move.
Uh,
thanks for the words of encouragement.
I think they did some good big fan man.
I bought a DVD and I'll continue support the podcast.
Well,
thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
And thank you to everyone who's been listening to my podcast.
And once again,
congratulations to the jets,
their organization and the fans,
you deserved it.
You went into our stadium,
you kicked our ass to the point that all you saw,
how many true Patriot fans they're fucking are.
Uh,
but there are just as many true jet fans.
Be honest with yourself.
Be honest with yourselves when they sucked.
Do you watch them?
Do you think?
I watched a Celtic game from like 2002 to 2006.
I didn't.
All right.
I jumped right back on that bandwagon.
I am a diehard Bruin Fan,
die hard patriot fan.
I was a die hard red sox fan,
but uh,
you know,
what happened was they won the world series and I felt like a degenerate gambler
who finally made a big score and I just walked away from the table and I was
like,
that's it.
I'm up.
I'm buying my little fucking houseboat.
I'm going to throw down the anchor and drink Pina coladas the rest of my life.
See you later.
Thanks for the memories.
And I haven't been able to get back into them.
Um,
since I gotta be honest with you.
And uh,
who else has left and the Celtics,
ah,
the Celtics.
I got back into the Celtics.
You know,
I'm not a big basketball fan.
I'm not a big professional basketball fan for the simple fact that the final
three minutes takes two hours and 17 minutes.
I don't like how they travel and that's all.
I,
they travel all the time.
All the fucking time.
When I watch an NBA game,
that's all I do is I just sit there watching both teams,
even my team and I just go travel.
How did they not set up?
How do they not sit the fuck the guy fucking took that was three and a half
steps travel.
Um,
that that's,
you know,
I'm just not into it,
but uh,
I do like it when the Celtics and the Lakers are good.
That's when it's great.
That's the rivalry I like fucking watch in the same way.
It's sucks if the Canadians are awesome in the Bruins are bad or the other way
around.
I don't want the Canadians to suck.
I want it to be awesome.
The Bruins to be awesome.
I like to fucking colliding and a,
and that's it.
And Patriots fans keeping fucking heads up,
especially the 26 a year who actually stuck around to the end of the fucking
game.
All right,
keep your heads up.
Bill Belicheck is fucking the best God damn coach.
And um,
you know what he did starting for rookies on defense.
What he did this year was fucking phenomenal.
We laid an egg in the worst possible time,
but uh,
you know,
don't be a Douche and puts you pat skier away for the fucking year.
All right?
Don't be like that.
Don't be like r B like that.
Who gives a fuck?
You think these athletes give a shit about you?
You know,
you think they're not going to walk by in and fucking airport with their fucking
$10,000 headphones on.
Actually,
they're not even gonna walk by you and the head at the fucking airport cause
they got their own goddamn plane.
Ah,
Jesus.
You know,
this podcast could really be endless because I never run out of shit to pitch
you bump.
That's a podcast for this week.
Uh,
that's it.
I talk to you next week.
God bless all he is.
Even the jet fans,
you fucking bring cons and everybody go fuck yourself.
I'll see ya.